

Dearest: Friend,

My Name is Mr.Andre Koffi a credit officer with the one
of the leading Bank (Finance Trust House) here in Cotonou Republic Du Benin.
In my department i discovered an abandoned sum of (USD 32 m)  in an account
that belongs to one of our foreigncustomer (MR. ANDREAS SCHRANNER from Munich,
Germany) who died along with his entire family in July 2000 in a plane crash.

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.

stm Since i got information about his death, I have been expecting his next of
kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless some
body applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated in
our banking guidlings and laws but unfortunately we learnt that all his
supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the plane crash
leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is therefore upon this discovery that
I now decided to make this business proposal to you and release the money to
you as the next of kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent
disbursement since nobody is coming for it and we don't want this money to go
into the bank treasury as unclaimed bill. The banking law and guidline here
stipulates that if such money remained unclaimed after Five years, the money
will be transfered into the bank treasury as unclaimed fund. The request of
foreigner as next of kin in this business is occassioned by the fact that the
customer was a foreigner and an Indigen cannot stand as next of kin to a
foreigner.

I agree that 30% of this money will be for you as a respect to the provision
of a foriegn account , 5% will be set aside for expenses incurred during the
business,another 5% to help the less previlage and to assist the charity
organisations here in Africa and abroad while the rest 60% would be for me
Thereafter, I will visit your country for disbursement according to the
percentage indicated .

Therefore, to enable the immediate transfer of this fund to you arranged,you
must apply first to the bank as relation or next of kin of the deceased
indicating your bank name, your bank account number, your private telephone
and fax number for easy and effective communication and location where in the
money will be remitted. Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax
or email the text of the application .

I will not fail to bring to your notice that this transaction is hitch-free
and that you should not entertain any atom of fear as all required
arrangements have been made for the transfer.

You should contact me immediately as soon as you receive this letter. Trusting
to hear from you immediately.

Yours Faithfully,
Mr.Andre Koffi






