Dear Sir,

 I work with a Bank called IBTC in my country, in the foreign
exchange department, and I'm the deputy head of my department.

Our major objective is the operation of foreign accouunts for
states and highly placed citizens of my country and other
countries, especially those at the helm of affairs, and
successful business men.We also make sure the Forex market is
well controlled and checked.

One of those highly and successfully placed citizen is Joseph
Nanven Garba, (Major General Rtd). Until his demise, he held
sensitive positions in the military, and diplomat seat, one of
the office he held , was the position of the personal assistant
to the U.N secretary general, Koffi Annan. His death was a shock
to the entire nation, the man in quote operates several foreign
accounts in our department which I mannage myself due to his
position in the country. Such operations of accounts is called
"Private Banking" where the deposits will only be known to the
owner of the acounts and officer of the bank in charge.

Normally,65% of the total deposit is supposed to be turned into
the Federal Government account and 30%, 5% given to the family
and bank respectively.  This is what the banking law and policy
of my country states, When this is achieved i.e transfer of the
Federal Government account part, the people at the corridors of
power withdraw these funds, under the disguise of security issues
but make use of theseFunds for their personal and family use.
This is a case of injustice on the officer in charge of the
account and the family of the deceased. So I released the code of
the account partly totaling just 50% of the initial deposit.
Since the code of the account is in between me and the deceased
the fear of being checked is ruled out but I cannot make
withdrawals from this account myself and that is where you come
in.

All you need to do for this transaction is to follow the
procedure binding this contract together and I guarantee you
it&#8217;s risk free. However your suggestions will be
appreciated.

Regards

Wale F. Williams


NB
Alternatively you sent your reply through wale.caramail.com

-- 
Ziskejte kvalitu, kterou si zasluhujete. Za minimalni mesicni
poplatek vam nabizime Antivir, Antispam nebo dalsi kapacitu pro
vas Mailbox. Vice na: http://sluzby.volny.cz/product/postpaid/


