
-- 
Good evening,

My name is Mr. Solomon Kaku, a banker here in Ghana. I write you this 
proposal in good faith as a brother, believing that you will not 
betray me regarding the information I am about to reveal to you. In 
2002 a Crude Oil dealer Late Mr. MICHAEL SCHMIDT, made a (Fixed 
deposit) for 60 calendar months, valued at US$14,600,000.00 (Fourteen 
Million, Six hundred Thousand US Dollars) with my bank. I was his 
account officer before I rose to the position of manager. The maturity 
date for this deposit contract was 20th of August 2005. I have tried 
my possible best to locate Mr. Michael to notify him about this, but 
all my efforts proved abortive. I later discovered that Mr. Michael, 
his wife and only daughter were among the victims of bomb blast during 
the war in Iraq. Unfortunately, he has no other living relatives to 
inherit this fund.

Now, a new Financial Law, which takes effect in two months time, 
stipulates that any bank account more than $5,000,000.00 [Five Million 
US Dollars] will be investigated and the bank shall produce the 
account owner for clearance. This is a Government measure to check 
money laundering. If I do not find a way to move this money out of the 
country immediately, in two months time, it might be reverted to 
Government treasury because the bank management cannot provide Mr. 
Michael since he is now late. I am seeking your co-operation to 
present you as the next of kin to the account since you are a 
foreigner, so that my bank head quarters will release the funds to 
you. It is only a foreigner can claim the funds in the account.  There 
is no risk involved, the transaction will be executed under a 
legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of law. 
Let me know how much percent you will take, so that both parties will 
be satisfied. Contact me as soon as you receive this message for 
further details. 

Please, treat as top secret, I am the only person having this 
information. 

Regards,

Solomon Kaku.



