from the bujumbor refugge camp 
accra ghana, west africa....... 

dear,sir/madam
Please permit me to introduce myself to you through
this medium. I know you don't know me before and maybe
surprise to read from me today, I got your contact in
my searching of a good reputation foriegn partner to
assit me in my late father fund, when I was making a
research on how me and my two brothers, can travel to
overseas and Invest on the petroleum business.
I am very glad to have this opportunity to contact you
and I want to count on you for reliability and
trustworthiness and I also want you to handle this
Issue I am about to disclose to you as confidential,
because of my personality in my country.
I am mumba the son of Chief Tama Koroma from
Diamond Creek, Lofa County, Liberia. My father was
until his death, the Paramount Chief of Lofa County 
also an Independent Diamond Mineral & Merchant. He
died in March 13, 1999 after a brief illness at the
age of 70.One day after my father's death, I was going
through his under ground save when I saw some very
Important Documents which reveals to me that my Late
father has deposited one trunk of consignment box of
$22.2 Million U.S dollars with a Security company here
in ghana My two brothers, PETER and MOSES and myself
have not traveled out side West Africa before. 

his is the main problem we have.At this moment, 
we are now in Accra-Ghana where we flee to in the
wake of recent fighting between the government, the
LURD & MODEL, Rebel groups. We are presently taking
refuge at the Buduburam Refugee Camp here in Ghana
under the Auspices of the United Nations High
Commission for Refugees, U.N.H.C.R.I want you to
assist us in retrieving the funds to your country then
make aragements for me and my two brothers, to Join
you there, where you will also help us buy a House and
Invest the rest of the money on any profitable
business for us.My two brothers, and myself are
willing to set-aside 5% of the Total money to cover
any expenses you make. We also offer to give you 15%
of the Total amount for your service.I will give you
further details of the Security company in ghana also
the Documents covering the funds as soon as I get an
indication of your interest to help us,please do send
me your phone number and your fax number on your
reply.
Thank you very much,
mumba Tama Koroma......
you can alaso reach me on my private email,
mumba5055@yahoo.com 





