
Hello my dear,

Before I introduce myself, I wish to inform you that this letter is 
not a hoax mail and I urge you to treat it serious. I am a Director in 
Procurement Department with Petroleum Ministry here 
in U. A. E.  I obtained your email while searching for a reliable 
person, who could assist me in receiving transfer of a supposed 
contract awarded funds.  This fund came as a result of over estimated 
contract awarded sums executed by foreign contractors in the Petroleum 
Ministry. The concerned Ministry has approved these over invoiced 
funds for payment. The contracts which the
over invoiced sums was created from has been executed and 
commissioned. What I am about to receive now, is the over estimated 
funds which was added during the process of obtaining the contracts 
for my own interest.  This is a normal deal that goes in my Ministry 
by top officials.

On my part, all modalities have been worked out in ensuring a smooth 
conclusion of the contract payment to your bank account within the 
next few days.  My department approves payments to 
contractors, and I happen to head the department.  All I want from you 
is to receive these funds on my behalf as a Sub-Let Company, because 
as Government Official I cannot collect the funds directly from my 
Ministry, neither I am allowed by Law to operate/ run foreign bank 
accounts. If you are trustworthy and can assist me in receiving the 
fund, do not hesitate to respond back to me immediately.

Please note that there is no risk involved in receiving the over 
estimated contract funds in your account.  I want you to state in 
percentage what you shall have for participating in using your 
bank account to secure the funds.  As soon as you indicate your 
interest, further details and the amount involved shall be given to 
you once I receive response from you.  I hope I can trust you 
to treat this proposal with utmost confidentiality.

Looking forward to hearing from you soonest.  

Best regards,

Engineer Waheed Kamal.



