Greetings to you,

This letter must come to you as a big surprise, but 
I believe it is only a day that people meet and become great friends 
and business partners. My name is William Ansah, the present branch 
Manager of a bank here in Ghana. Like I said, I have a transaction that 
will benefit both of us, as your assistance is required as a 
foreigner.  
 
I use to head the Accounts department in my bank head 
office, but last December I was asked to take position of a Manager of 
our branch in Kumasi who passed on, so that was how I became the 
present Manager and
discovered a fortune. As I resumed duty, I 
discovered an account with total sum of $12,500,000 million that has 
not been operated on for the past 4 years.  From my investigation, I 
found out that this account
belongs to one Late Mr. ANDREAS  SCHRANNER 
a German great industrialist and a resident of Munich, who 
unfortunately lost his life along with his entire famillies in the 
plane crash of CONCORDE AIRLINE [Flight AF4590 ]  which crashed on 25TH 
JULY, 2000. You shall read more news about the crash on visiting this 
site, which I got during my investigation; http://news.bbc.co.
uk/1/hi/world/europe/859479.stm. 

The account is escrow call account, 
a secret type of account in my bank and no other person knows about 
this account or any thing concerning it, the account has no other 
beneficiary.  I have kept a close
monitoring of the account since then 
and nobody has come forward to ask about the money as next of kin to 
the late Mr. Andreas Schranner, meaning that no one is aware of the 
account. As the Manager of my bank branch, I have the power to 
influence the release of the funds to any foreigner that comes up as 
the next of kin to the account, with the correct information concerning 
the account, which I shall give you.
 
Contact me as soon as you 
receive this message if you feel we can work
together, so we can go 
over the details.  Please, treat with utmost confidentiality.

You may 
call me through my personal number +233243510543.

Regards,

William 
Ansah.






