>From GEORGE Amachree
General Manager Finance
Nigeria LNG Limited
C & C Towers
Plot 1684, Sanusi Fafunwa Street,
Victoria Island,
P. M. B. 12774, Marina, Lagos.
Nigeria.
WWW.NLNG.COM


RE: TRANSFER OF USD20,500,000.00(TWENTY MILLION, FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND 
UNITED STATES DOLLARS ONLY) TO A SAFE ACCOUNT.

Sir,

It is my warmest pleasure writing you this confidential business offer 
irrespective of the fact
that we have not met before or done any thing that will re-impose 
absolute confidence but nevertheless, an adage says a day begins a story
 and it is in line of this strong perspective that I am very determined 
to communicate you with much conviction that you will give my proposal a
 second thought and consideration.

As earlier stated I am Mr Daniel Amachree a General Manager Finance 
working with Nigeria Liquefied Natural Gas {NLNG}. My Agency is to 
produce and export NLG and NGL safely, reliably and profitable, and grow
 business to it full potential, helping to put out flares in Nigeria and
 by the virtue of my unique position in office as the General Manager 
Finance. I was elevated by the commission to become the chairman of 
foreign contract tender board committee whose responsibility is to award
 and supervise foreign contract to ensure it is executed promptly.

Consequently, I the chairman of the tender board committee in 
collaboration with two other top
committee members over-invoice certain contract for the supply of 
Petroleum Pipe, Computers. The initial cost of the contract was pegged 
at US$60 million, but after the feasibility study that was done, while 
submitting my report to the office of the presidency for final approval,
 we deliberately inflated the cost to an excess amount of US$ 20..5 
million making the cost to be US$ 80.5 million.

Right now, the gist of contacting you is we are constrained to claim the
 fund due to certain laws
enacted by the government guiding civil service code of conduct Bureau 
which prohibits top civil
servants working under Government establishment from operating offshore 
or foreign Account and this situation has kept us in a fix to openly 
come forward to claim the outstanding balance of US$20.5  million, hence
 after series of private meetings we decided to make contactin order to 
get a reliable foreign partner whom we will forward his or her 
credentials to claim the fund based on mutual  trust and agreement.

In a nutshell, we need your assistance and support to claim this fund so
 that at the later time convenient for us, we will come over to your 
country after the funds have been transferred to meet you and collect 
our own percentage while you will keep the rest as yours.

For your support and total dedication to realize the objectives of this 
operation, you shall be entitled to 20% of the sum total, 5% for 
misslaneous expense like telephone bill, while 75% of the fund belongs 
to the three officials involved in the deal.


Note, you are vividly assured that you will not be subjected to any kind
 of risk for your support and involvement in this venture hence we have 
piloted a good strategy to ensure the operations goes smoothly of which 
we have targeted two weeks duration to accomplished our Aim.

Kindly treat this matter Absolutely confidential because the officials 
involved are still in serviceand some of us intend to resign our 
appointment immediately after the transaction is finalized.

I look forward to hearing positively from you while further details will
 be given as soon as I get your response , forward your telephone number, fax number
and mailing address for through which further correspondence will be made ,
as soon as i receive your reply .

Best Regards


Mr GEROGE AMACHREE
NB:- FOR MORE INFORMATION ABOUT MY PERSON AND COMPANY I WILL ADVISE YOU 
LODGE ON TO MY COMPANY WEBSITE ABOVE





