

What past effort.THIS IS A SCAM.

-----Original Message-----
From: ANTHONY DILLION [mailto:compensationsfund@redtreesolutions.com] 
Sent: Saturday, June 09, 2007 6:42 AM
Subject: YOUR COMPENSATION MONEY IS NOW READY ..




Dear Friend,


How are you today?I didn't forgot your past effort by
trying to help me,now i want to tell you that i have
succeeded in getting those funds transferred under the cooperation of a
new partner from Paraguay.which i given my Lawyer in Benin to
compensates you with the sum of ($7500.000.00) for your compensation 
his
contact is below:  Name : Barrister Kenneth  Cole,
Email:  kennethcole1234@yahoo.com




Hope all is well with you and your family? I hope this
mail meets you in a perfect condition. I am using this opportunity to
thank you for your great effort to our unfinished transfer of fund into
your account due to one reason or the other best known to you.But I 
want
to inform you that I have successfully transferred the fund out of my
bank to someone else account who was capable of assisting me in this
great venture through the help of the diplomat i told you about.Due to
your effort, sincerity,courage and trustworthiness' you showed at the
course of the transaction I want to compensate you and show my 
gratitude
to you with the sum of $750,000USD.


I have authorized my new lawyer who is now also my
legal adviser to issue you international certified
bank cheque cash able at your bank.My dear friend I
will like you to contact the lawyer for the collection
of this international certified bank cheque.
The name and contact address of the lawyer is as
follows.



HONORABLE LAW CHAMBERS
CONTACT PERSON ; MR.KENNETH  COLE
Email:  kennethcole1234@yahoo.com
At the moment, I'm very busy here because of the
investment projects which I and my new partner are
having at hand in FRANCE . Finally, remember that
I have forwarded instruction to the Lawyer on your
behalf to send the bank cheque to you as soon as you
contact him without delay.Please I will like you to
accept this token with good faith as this is from the
bottom of my heart.Thanks and God bless you and your
family. Hope to hear from you soon.
Your brother


ANTHONY  DILLION

EMAIL:anthonydillion001@yahoo.it




