


Mr. Huang Yanxiong
Hang Seng Bank Ltd.
83 Des Voeux Rd. Branch,
Central Hong Kong,
Hong Kong.
Tel/Fax: +852-301-77033


Let me start by introducing myself. I am Mr.Huang Yanxiong credit officer
of the Hang Seng Bank Ltd.  I have a concealed business suggestion for
you. Before the U.S and Iraqi war our client General.Ibrahim Umar who was
with the Iraqi forces and also business man made a numbered fixed deposit
for 18 calendar months, with a value of Twenty million Five Hundred
Thousand United State Dollars only in my branch. Upon maturity several
notices was sent to him, even during the war early this year. Again after
the war another notification was sent and still no response came from him=
.
We later find out that the General and his family had been killed during
the war in bomb blast that hit their home.

After further investigation it was also discovered that Gen. Ibrahim Umar
did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including the pape=
r
work of his bank deposit. And he also confided in me the last time he was
at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank. So,
Twenty millions Five Hundred Thousand United State Dollars is still lying
in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim it. What bothers me
most is that according to the to the laws of my country at the expiration
three years the funds will revert to the ownership of the Hong Kong
Government if nobody applies to claim the funds. Against this backdrop, m=
y
suggestion to you is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand as the
next of Kin to Gen. Ibrahim Umar so that you will be able to receive his
funds.

WHAT IS TO BE DONE:

I want you to know that I have had everything planned out so that we shal=
l
come out successful. I have contacted an attorney that will prepare the
necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to Gen.Ibrahi=
m
Umar, all that is required from you at this stage is for you to provide m=
e
with your Full Names and Address so that the attorney can commence his
job. After you have been made the next of kin, the attorney will also fil=
l
in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approval and letter
of probate in your favor for the move of the funds.

There is no risk involved at all in the matter as we are going adopt a
legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the necessary
documents. Please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters
concerning this issue. Once the funds have been transferred, we shall
share in the ratio of 70% for me, 30% for you.Should you be interested
please send me your private phone and fax numbers for easy communication,
you can and I will provide you with more details of this operation.

Your earliest response to this mail will be appreciated.

Kind Regards

Mr. Huang Yanxiong


