AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING SECTION
ABSA BANK OF SOUTH AFRICA, 
 

Dear, 

(TOP SECRET) 

I am.MR Nathaniel Marcus  .the director in charge of auditing and
accounting section of ABSA BANK OF SOUTH AFRICA with due respect and regard. I have
decided to contact you on a business transaction that will be very beneficial
to both of us at the end of the transaction. 

During our investigation and auditing in this bank, my department came
across a very huge sum of money belonging to a deceased person who died on
October 31st 1999 in a plane crash and the fund has been dormant in his account
with this Bank without any claim of the fund in our custody either from his
family or relation before our discovery to this development. The said amount was
U.S $25.2M (fifteen million two hundred thousand United States dollars) 

As it may interest you to know, I got your impressive information through
the SOUTH AFRICA chamber of commerce on foreign business relations here in
JOHANNESBURG SOUTH AFRICA. 

Meanwhile all the whole arrangement to put claim over this fund as the
bonafide next of kin to the deceased, get the required approval and transfer this
money to a foreign account has been put in place and directives and needed
information will be relayed to you as soon as you indicate your interest and
willingness to assist us and also benefit your self to this great business
opportunity. In fact I could have done this deal alone but because of my
position in this country as a civil servant (A Banker), we are not allowed to
operate a foreign account and would eventually raise an eye brow on my side during
the time of transfer because I work in this bank. 

This is the actual reason why it will require a second party or fellow who
will forward claims as the next of kin with affidavit of trust of oath to the
Bank and also present a foreign account where he will need the money to be
re-transferred into on his request as it may be after due verification and
clarification by the correspondent branch of the bank where the whole money will
be remitted from to your own designation bank account. 

I will not fail to inform you that this transaction is 100% risk free. On
smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will be entitled to 30% of the
total sum as gratification, while 5% will be set aside to take care of expenses
that may arise during the time of transfer and also telephone bills, while 65%
will be for me and my partners. Please, you have been advised to keep "top
secret" as I am still in service and intend to retire from service after we
conclude this deal with you. 

I will be monitoring the whole situation here in this bank until you
confirm the money in your account and ask me to come down to your country for
subsequent sharing of the fund according to percentages previously indicated and
further investment, either in your country or any country you advice us to
invest in. All other necessary vital information will be sent to you when I hear
from you. 

I look forward to receive your immediate response through
my email: nath_marcus@yahoo.com
 

Yours faithfully, 

MR. Nathaniel Marcus.

 

AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING SECTION
ABSA BANK OF SOUTH AFRICA,



