Office of bank Manager,
CITIBANK ,
332 Oxford Street,
London, W1N 9AA
Dear Friend,
I am Mr David Wood the Bank Manager of CITIBANK 332 Oxford Street,
London W1N 9AA.
I have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you. On
August 6, 1997, an Iraqi Foreign Oil consultant/contractor with the
BRITISH PETROLUEM CORPORATION Mr. HAFFEZ AL SADIQUE.
Made a numbered time (Fixed deposit) for 36 calendar months,
valued at US$29,500,000.00 (Twenty Nine Million Five hundred Thousand
Dollars only) in my branch. Upon maturity in 2000, I sent a routine
notification to his forwarding address but got no reply.
After a month, we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his
contract employers, the British petroleum corporation that Mr. HAFFEZ
AL SADIQUE died as a result of torture in the hand of Sadam Hussein
during one of his trips to his country Iraq. On further investigation,
I found out that he died without making a WILL, and all attempts to
trace his next of kin was fruitless. I therefore made further
investigation and discovered that mr HAFFEZ AL SADIQUE. did not declare
any kin or relations in all his official documents, including his Bank
Deposit paperwork in my Bank.
This sum of US$29,500,000.00 have been floating as unclaimed since 1997
in my bank as all efforts to get his relatives have hit the stones.
According to the British law at the expiration of 8 (eight) years, the
money will revert to the ownership of the British Government if nobody
applies to claim the fund and the eight years is the end of july
2005.
Consequently, my proposal is that i want to seek your consent as a
foreigner to stand in as the owner of the money as the next of kin to
the deceased so that the bank will transfer the money to your
designated account. All documents and proves to enable you get this
fund will be carefully worked out. I have secured from the probate an
order of mandamus to locate any of the deceased beneficiaries, and more
so I are assuring you that the business is risk free involvement. Your
share stays while the rest be for me and for investment purpose as i
will leave London by the end of the year.
The sharing of the funds will be based According to agreement within me
and you. As soon as i receive an acknowledgement of receipt of this
message in acceptance of our mutual business proposal, I will furnish
you with the necessary modalities and disbursement ratio to suit both
parties without any conflict. If this proposal is acceptable by you, do
not take undue advantage of the trust i have bestowed in you.
PLEASE, APPRECIATE THE FACT THAT DOING BUSINESS OVER THE INTERNET IS
RISK.ENDEAVOR TO SEND YOUR CONFIDENTIAL TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBER IN
YOUR REPLY TO THIS BUSINESS.

Regards.
David Wood
contact me,email:davidwood4432@rediffmail.com




