Mr James Obulu
United Bank Of Africa.
Capetown Branch,
South Africa.
Email:jobulu@webmail.co.za

I am James Obulu, Bank Manager of United Bank Of
Africa , capetown Branch.I have urgent and very
confidential business proposition for you. On June 6
1999, a gold merchant/contractor with the Randgold
Exploration Company,Mr.Jim Smith made a numbered
time (Fixed) deposited for twelve calendar months,
valued at US$25,000,000.00 (Twenty-five Million
Dollars) in my branch.
Upon maturity,I sent a routine notification to his
forwarding address but got no reply.After a month,we
sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his
contract employers,Randgold Exploration company Ltd
that Mr.Jim Smith died from an automobile accident.
On further investigation,I found out that he did not
leave a WILL and all attempts to
trace his next of kin were fruitless.I therefore made
further investigation and discovered that Mr.Jim
Smith did not declare any next of kin in all his
official documents,including his Bank Deposit
paperwork.
This sum of US$25,000,000.00 is still sitting in the
Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the
principal sum at the end of each year.No one will
come forward to claim it.According to the South
African Law, at the expiration of 5 (five) years,the
money
will revert to the ownership of the South African
Government if nobody applies to claim the funds.
Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a
foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to Mr.Jim
Smith so that the fruits of this old man's labour will
not get into the hands of some corrupt officials.This
is simple,I will like you to provide me immediately
with your full names and address so that the attorney
will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits,
which will put you in place as the next of kin.I
would also like you to scan you drivers license for
me.
We shall employ the services of two attorneys for
drafting and notarization of the WILL and obtain the
necessary documents and letter of
probate/administration in your favour for the
transfer.
A bank account in any part of the world, which you
provide, will then facilitate the transfer of this
money to you as the beneficiary/next of kin.The money
will be paid into your account for us to share in the
ratio of 60% for me and 40% for you.There is no risk
at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will
be done by the attorney and my position as the Branch
Manager guarantees the successful execution of this
transaction.
If you are interested,please reply immediately.Upon
your response,I shall then provide you with more
details and relevant documents that will help you
understand. Please
observe utmost confidentiality,and rest assured that
this transaction would be most profitable for both of
us because I shall require your assistance to invest
my share in your country.
Awaiting your urgent reply via email.
Thanks and regards,

James Obulu.





 ---
http://www.torba.com

