Mr, Williams Mmegi
Tel:  +31 623 841 325
Email: williammmegi01@excite.com

Dear sir/madam

      REQUEST FOR URGENT BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP
  First, I must solicit your strict confidence in this transaction.
This is by virtue of its nature as being utterly confidential. We
are top officials of the Republic of Namibia Contract Review Panel
who are interested in importation of goods into our country with
funds amounting to US$35,500, 000.00(Thirty five Million five hundred
Thousand United States Dollars) which are presently held in suspense
with the regulatory Bank of my country.
   Our duties include evaluation, vetting approvals for payment for the
construction of Silicon mines and smelter complex in my country by
foreign firms. By virtue of our position in Government, these contracts
were with intent over invoiced to the tune of US$35,500, 000.00(Thirty
five Million five hundred Thousand United States Dollars) to enable my
committee benefit from the projects.  This over invoiced amount has
been tied to a particular aspect of the contract that has been
satisfactorily executed and inspected as the firms are presently
securing payment from my Ministry, where our Board is in charge of all
foreign contract payment approval and recommendation to the paying
bank.
   As a civil servant still in active government service, we are
forbidden
by law to operate an account outside the shores of Namibia. Hence this
message to you seeking your assistance so as to enable me present you
as a beneficiary of contractual claims alongside that of the other
contractors, to enable us transfer the difference of US$35,500, 000.00
(Thirty Five Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars) into
an account that will be nominated by you.
On actualization, the fund will be disbursed as stated below:
1.  20% to be allocated to you
2.  80% due us.
    All logistics are in place and all modalities worked out for a
smooth
actualization of the transaction within the next few working days of
commencement. For further details as to the workability of this
transaction, please reach me as soon as possible for further
clarification. Please, call me on receipt of this mail on Tel:  +31
623 841 325 or send an email to me on williammmegi01@excite.com

  Kindly expedite action, as we are behind schedule, to enable us
embrace
this transfer in the first batch which would constitute the first
payment quarter for the 2006 fiscal year.
Thank you while I await your urgent response.

Yours Sincerely,

Mr. Williams Mmegi



