URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL
Engineer Marcus Botha
Shell Petroleum South Africa.
Attn: MANAGING DIRECTOR/PRESIDENT/CEO
Dear Sir/Madam,
I am Engineer Marcus Botha, a Director of the Contracts Award and review 
Department with the
Shell petroleum South Africa. I am contacting you on the business of 
transferring the sum of
US$20,500,000.00.(Twenty Million, five Hundred thousand United States 
Dollars only) into a safe
foreign account and the need is very urgent. I got your contact from the 
South-Africa Chambers of
Commerce and it is with business trust that made me to contact you on this 
matter.I write to
solicit for the transfer of this money into your account. This Money was 
generated from an over
Invoiced contract sum in my corporation.I am contacting you for your help 
and partnership for the
following two reasons:
(1) As a civil servant, I am not permitted to own foreign accounts due to 
civil service code of
conduct.
(2) My present financial resources as a civil servant will not be sufficient 
for me to handle the
transfer alone successfully without financial assistance from a reliable 
foreign partner abroad
like you. 20% of this sum would be for you as compensation for using your 
Bank account in
transferring this money, 5% would be used to re-imburse the expenses made by 
both parties during
the processing of the transfer which includes, telephone bills, aveling 
expenses and fees. While
75% is for me. Please note that I will arrange to meet with you immediately 
after the successful conclusion of the transfer, the 75% share of mine will 
be used for investment overseas. Your assistance and co-operation is highly 
needed. I assure you that this transaction is 100% risk free. If you are 
interested I will require your banking information as mentioned below:
1. Name to be used as beneficiary and beneficiary address.
2. Your private and confidential telephone/ fax number(s)and Cell phone.
3. Your bank name and address, your bank Telephone and fax number(s).
I hope to conclude this business within the next fourteen- (14) working 
days.Looking forward to
your anticipated and urgent positive response via e-mail. at:
engr_ibe1@latinmail.com
Best regards,
Marcus Botha




