Greetings,

I got your contact in my searching of a good reputation foreign partner to
assist me in my late husband properties. My late husband was former
district leaders of the diamond city call KENNEMA and an executive member
of the Diamond Mining Association in the Republic of Sierra-Leone.

He was massacred by the president TEJAN KABBAH force in their struggle to
reinstate him back to power, before his death he disclosed to me that he
deposited two trunk boxes contain sum of US$18.2 Million in a Security
Company in Accra, Ghana, in a neighboring country in West Africa, after
all, I had gave the Security Company a call and was confirmed that the
boxes are intact.

I decide to solicit for your kind assistance to help me and my two
children invest these funds on our behalf the sum of US$18.2 Million (and
to deposit 20kg of Gold Alleviate in your Bank for us.) in your Business
Venture for a long term and pay us monthly on an agreeable terms to be
worked out later.

Our lives and future of my two children depends on these funds and as
such, I will be grateful if you can assist us. I am seeking your
assistance to invest this fund out of   Africa for investment purpose.

I want you to come on board help clear this money from the deposit
company, open an account on your name, and transfer the funds to your
designated account in your country.

Why I also want you is that my husband specifically put it in his will and
advice me that I must consult a foreign partner to assist me to move the
funds out of Africa, I think was to save as a check on my part so that I
would not loose the money, as this is the only money left for the success
of my two children in this generation.

What I demanded from you is to assure me the safety of this money when it
finally gets to you.. Further information and arrangement will commence as
soon as trust, confidence and good relationship is established. I shall be
most grateful if you could maintain this high level of confidentiality I
repose on you concerning this matter.


My health is not in good shape now, because am hypertension patient and I
need your help as quick as you can please.

Please reply me through my email address.

Thanks for your personal consideration.

Yours Sincerely,

Mary Manto


