Hello

I am Edward HuntI am 14 years old I live in
Manchester(UK) before my father died, now I live with
my mother in Ireland. my father is from Manchester UK
and my mother is from Ireland. My late father Mr. Hunt
Martin has a big Real Estate company in Manchester
before he died in a car accident last year July 25th
2005. he left 10 Million (Ten Million Pounds) in his
account before he died. The 10Million is in (Union
National Bank UK) 


I have been trying to collect the money from (Union
National Bank UK) but the account operator told me to
go and look for some one honest and old enough to help
me collect the 10 Million (Ten Million Pounds) I
could have told my mother to assist me in collecting
the 10Million but my mother and father where divorced
before my father died and my father told me not to
have anything to do with my mother, I dont even want
her to know about this because what my father told me
before he died was correct, now that I stay with my
mother in Ireland she doesnt take care of me all she
dose is to take hard drugs and to bring men to the
house and she always hit me. 

I dont want to have anything to do with her, I just
want some one old enough and honest to help me collect
the 10Million from the bank as I am too young to take
control of 10Million. Please I need your help, if you
can assist me to collect the 10Million from the bank
I will give you 30% and take 70%. I have all documents
in my name you can confirm from the bank. I am indeed
the Next of Kin to my late father Mr. Edward Hunt
Martin. 

The account operator (Union National Bank UK) told me
to look for some body that is honest and old enough so
that he can send the 10Million to the persons account
as soon as possible.

If you can help me I will contact the account operator
(Union National Bank UK) and tell him that I have
found an honest person who is willing to help me
collect the 10Million, so when you contact him he
will know I sent you. 

I will give you is contact so you can contact him to
enable him send the 10Million to your provided
account immediately Please help me. I will be waiting
for your urgent reply so I can give you the contact of
the bank and send you the last statement of account of
my late father and I will also send you my picture and
my birth certificate. Please help me reply back on
this email:edwardhuntm@yahoo.es so I can send you all informations you
need. 


Best Regards 
Edward Hunt







