FROM THE DESK OF MR. STEVE BAKER 
DEPARTMENT OF PETROLEUM RESOURCES 
MAITAMA DISTRICT, 
GARKI-ABUJA 



I am Mr. Steve Baker, a member of the Contract Award 
Committee of the above department. 

Terms of Reference: 
My term of reference involves the award of contracts to 
multinational companies. My office is saddled with the  responsibility 
of contract award, screening, categorization and prioritization of 
projects embarked upon by Department of Petroleum 
Resources (DPR) as well as feasibility studies for selected 
projects and supervisig the project consultants involved. 
The DPR is now  compiling beneficiaries to be paid for the 
first Fiscal Quarter of  2005. 

The crux of this letter is that the finance/contract 
department of the DPR deliberately over -invoiced the 
contract value of the various contracts awarded. In the 
course of disbursements, this department has been able to 
accumulate the sum of Thirteen Million, Seven 
Hundred and Thirty One Thousand U.S Dollars as the 
over-invoiced  sum. This money is  currently in a suspense 
account of the DPR  account with the Debt Reconciliation 
Committee (DRC). 

We now seek to  process the transfer of this fund officially 
as contract payment to you as a foreign contractor, who will 
be fronting for us as  the beneficiary of the fund. In this 
way we can facilitate these funds into your nominated 
account for  possible investment abroad. We are not allowed 
as a matter of  government policy to operate any foreign 
account to transfer this fund into. 

However, for your involvement in assisting us with this 
transferinto your nominated account we have evolved a sharing 
formula as follows: 
(1) 25% for you as the foreign partner 
(2) 75% for I and my colleagues 

We shall be relying on your advice as regard investment of 
our share in any business in your country. Be informed that 
this business is genuine and 100% safe  considering the 
high-power government officials involved. Send your private 
fax/telephone numbers. 

Upon your response we shall provide you with further 
information on the procedures.  Expecting your prompt positive response 
as I Look forward to a good business relationship with you. 

Sincerely, 
Steve Baker 








