CAN I TRUST YOU FOR THIS TRANSACTION?

Attn: The President/MD.

Sir,

My name is Mr. James Smith. I trained and work as an external auditor for
Abbey national bank - London, working as part of a bigger team that covers
 the entire Uk region. I had taken pains to find your contact through
personal endeavors.

On routine audit check last month, I discovered some US$ investment
accounts that had been dormant for the least twelve years. All the
accounts belong to a single holder with monies totaling a little above
$25.5 million United States Dollars plus interest.

Banking regulation/legislation in the Uk demands that I notify the fiscal
authorities after a statutory time period of twelve years when dormant
accounts of this type are called in by the monetary regulatory bodies.

The above set of facts underscores my reason of writing and making the
following proposals.

My investigations of the said account reveals that the investor died in
1994 and the exact time the account was last operated. I can confirm with
certainty that the said investor died and no next of kin to his estate has
been found or has come forward all these years.

I am of the settled conviction that using my insider leverage, I, working
with you can secure the  funds in the account for us instead of allowing
it pass as unclaimed funds into the coffers of the Government of Great
Britain,this is very possible. I want your participation and co-operation.

I have seized all relevant documents  (legal and Banking) that will
facilitate our putting you forward as the claimant/beneficiary of the
funds and ultimately transfer the money to any account nominated by you.
Of course you shall be handsomely rewarded for your part in this
transaction as the people I am working with are prepared to allocate a 20%
slice of the total funds for your efforts, less any expenses.

I shall however leave out the finer details of this transaction till I
receive an affirmation of your desire to participate.

Be assured that my colleagues and I are on top of the situation all the
time and there will be no risk whatsoever if you agree to come on board.

Needless to say, UTMOST CONFIDENTIALITY is of vital importance if we are
to successfully reap the immense benefits of this transaction.
To maintain the level of security required to see this transaction come to
a successful conclusion, I have intentionally left out the finer details.

To affirm your willingness and cooperation to my proposal please do so by
email smith533@sify.com or jamessmith1952@yahoo.co.uk stating your full
name, date of birth, direct mobile telephone number, fax number and email
address.

I do expect you prompt response.

Thank you,

Mr. James Smith.

Note: Please send your response only through my direct email
address:smith533@sify.com or jamessmith1952@yahoo.co.uk


