Dear Sir. 
I came to know you through your country's email directory in my private search 
for a reliable and reputable person to handle this confidential transaction .
 Currently I have a business that I think would be of interest to you and I .I 
am the Manager, Western District Union Bank of Nig.Plc.      However, there is 
an account opened in the bank in 1980 and since 1990, no body has operated 
this account again. After careful investigation,I discovered that the owner of 
this account was the President of GUNN FINANCE PTY LTD, a Foreigner named 
Mr.John W.Clouson,a National of your country who died in 1990. The account has 
no beneficiary at present and investigations proved that his company does not 
know anything about the account. The total amount is US$75.5M (seventy Five 
Point Five Million United States Dollars only). In light of the above fact, I 
need your assistance in this rare opportunity by providing your Bank account 
or any account of your choice where this fund will be remitted. Your 
assistance as a Foreigner is necessary because the management is ready to 
welcome anybody, preferably a Foreigner who has the correct information of the 
account which I will give you immediately you express your interest and 
capability to conclude this transaction with me.Now that the management of the 
bank has ordered that all dormant accounts be frozen, On the strength of this 
order, I wish to take advantage of this situation and present your Names as 
the next of kin and get it transferred to your designated account.Be informed 
that all documents related to this transaction will be destroyed immediately 
after the transfer, since every arrangement to transfer this fund to any 
account you will provide has been concluded. 
Furthermore, on receiving your positive response, I will apply for annual 
leave for our face to face meeting in your country for the sharing. I will 
give you 30% of the total fund for your assistance though the percentage is 
negotiable and I will not contact any 
other person until I am convinced that you are not interested. 
Please reach me through my direct e-mail address below for confidenciality 
indicating your interest. This information is authentic and genuine and the 
transaction will only last for TEN bank-working days, so do comply urgently. 
Best Regards,

Mr. Solomon Owen.
wwsolomon2003@yahoo.ie 

