
Pleas Send your reply to this email address; (abbahnasser002@yahoo.it) 

Hello my dear,

Before I introduce myself, I wish to inform you that this letter is 
not a hoax mail and I urge you to treat it serious. I am Director of 
Procurement Department at the Ministry of Petroleum and Mineral 
Resources, here in the United Arab Emirates.  I obtained your email 
while searching for a reliable person, who could assist me in 
receiving transfer of a supposed contract awarded funds.  This fund 
came as a result of over estimated contract awarded sums executed by 
foreign contractors in the Petroleum Ministry. This fund has been 
approved for payment to the contractor by the concerned Ministry. The 
contracts had been executed and commissioned. What I am about to 
receive now, is the over estimated funds which the contractor whom I 
helped during the process of obtaining the contracts added to his 
estimation for my own interest.  This is a normal deal that goes in my 
Ministry by top officials. 

On our part, all modalities has been worked out in ensuring a smooth 
conclusion of the transfer to your account within the next few days.  
All I want from you is to receive this funds on my behalf, because as 
Government Official I cannot collect the funds directly from the 
contractor, neither I am allowed by Law to operate/ run foreign bank 
accounts. If you are trustworthy and can assist me in receiving the 
fund, do not hesitate to respond back to me immediately.

Please note that there is no risk involved in receiving the funds in 
your account for and it will be done through wire transfer. I wish you 
to state in percentage what you shall have for the use of your 
account.  As soon as you indicate your interest, further details and 
the amount involved shall be given to you once I hear from you.  
Please, treat with utmost confidentiality. 

Looking forward to hearing from you soonest.

Best regards,

Engr. Abbah Nasser.
Ministry of Petroleum and Ministry Resources.
United Arab Emirates.



