


>From Mr. A. B. Solarino

Treat With Utmost Confidentiality
Dear Friend,

I apologized using this medium to reach you for a deal like this, since
you do not know me before. This is due to Confidentiality. I got your
contact details from your company website on the internet. After going
through you company information I decided to contact you believing that w=
e
can both work in hands to achieve this goal.

As stated above, I am Mr. Alexandro Benjamino Solarino the Chief auditor
Department of Mineral Resources FALKLAND ISLAND SOUTH ATLANTIC. I will be
grateful to have you as my foreign partner to enable us carry out a deal
of Eight million two hundred thousand Great Britain Pounds
(=A38,200,000.00).

I know you will be very astonished on how I got this money and why I
choose you to carry out this deal with you or how we will be able to carr=
y
out this deal as it involve a lot of money. Well since I need a partner
outside my country and outside the UK that will receive the transfer of
these funds from here, I have to look for someone abroad for security
reasons. Since I do not have any body overseas then I decided to search o=
n
the internet and since you are the first person I am contacting in this
regards I sincerely hope that you will not turn me down. I have already
made all arrangement to successfully execute this deal without any proble=
m
on your side and mine. Also the transfer of the funds will be made throug=
h
Telegraphic Bank to bank transfer so you have nothing to worry about as
all documentation will be made legal. All I need from you is your total
support, trust, honesty and confidentiality.

Once the transfer of the funds is successfully made to your account abroa=
d
after your government has taken their taxes from the total amount, 40% of
the remaining amount will be for you while 60% will be for me.

I will give you more breakdown as soon as soon as I hear from you. Feel
free to reach me on +44 702 402 7004.

Yours Faithfully,
Mr. A B Solarino




