Dearest,

I am Chief Thomas Nimely yaya, chairman of the Movement for 
Democracy in Liberia (MODEL),now Foreign Minister in the transitional 
government, and also a first cousin to the deposed President 
of Liberia, Charles Taylor, who is presently in exile in one of the 
West African Countries.

 During the reign of my cousin, Charles Taylor, I was
in-charge of all Diamond operations coming from
Angola, Sierra Leone, etc.  Then Charles Taylor enjoyed
the patronage of the rebels controlling parts of 
these countries, as tonnes of uncut diamond were
shipped to him, and he inturn through me sold these
diamonds to foreigners, and used the proceeds to buy
arms for the rebels in these countries, and a large
chunk of this money  was for the enrichment of the
rebel leaders. Literally speaking he  gave cover to the
rebel Leaders. This operation was code named: Conflict
Diamond. I cordinated the entire Diamond trade in the
sub-region and this ran into hundreds of Million of
Dollar.

While carrying out this operation, I was able to divert
the sum of US$45,000,000.00 (Forty-Five Million
United States Dollars) for my personal benefit, and
it is concelled into 4 Trunk Boxes and deposited as
artifacts materials with ecowas diplomatic Security and cargo unit 
 in Accra-Ghana. 

The Security Company does not know the
true contents of the consignments. This is only known to you and 
me, and I hope you will keep this confidential.

Now that Charles Taylor is no more in Power, I thought
it wise to move the money out to any  country of the
world for investment purposes. Now I am contacting you
seeking your assistance to help me in transfering this
money to your country. All you need do is to make
necesary arrangement and fly down to Accra-Ghana, see the
money and talk about it.

Already, I have the consent of the Security Company Director in Accra-Ghana
who has agreed to help us move the consignments out through
Diplomatic means to their affilliate office in Europe. 

I am offering you 25% of the total amount involved for
assisting me while 5% is set aside for any expenses that might be incurred during
the completion of this project, and the remaining 70% will be used for any lucrative
investment you will introduce me into.



Best Regards,

Chief Thomas Nimely yaya.


N/B: You can also contact me through my alternative email address:
dr_nimely@latinmail.com




