FROM: DR Andrew Godson
GRAND FINANCE AND TRUST
RUE CLUB DE L' AMITIE,
0251 B.P. 1625 COTONOU,
BENIN REPUBLIC.
TELEX: 5394
SWIFT: GRAFITR CTNOU
PHONE# + 229-40-35-48
Office email:projectag@latinmail.com

Dear Sir,

Compliments Of The Day, Permit me to introduce myself
to you. My name is DR Andrew Godson,a top Management
Official of  the above Finance Corporation in Cotonou,
Benin Republic.

I came to know about you in my private search for a
reliable person/company to handle an important
assingment on behalf of my Colleagues and myself.

PROPOSITION: An Australian Engr Donald Pepper, a
prosperous Oil/Gold merchant had in our Bank the sum
of $28.5million in a domiciliary account.
Unfortunately, he was killed in a ghastly motor
accident in Benin Republic in 2001. Efforts had been made by
the management of my bank through the Australian
Embassy to contact any of the deceased children but to
no avail.
We later discovered that he had no children.Given the
skeletal information available to the bank,it has so
far been impossible to reach any of the relatives.

The situation left for the Management is to declare
the deceased account dormant and revert the funds to
trading for interest to the Bank. In order to avoid
this development, my Colleagues and I now seek your
approval to have you stand as a distant relative to
Engr Donald Pepper,so that the money would be released
to you.

All documents and proofs to enable you get the money
will be carefully packaged once we receive your
consent on this proposal.I shall apply for a leave as
soon as the funds get into your reliable account to
come to your country for sharing and investments which
you will assist me in doing.
May I assure you that this is safe and risk-free, as
we have taken care of all necessary modalities to
ensure a hitch-free movement. I have the authority of
my partners involved in this assignment to propose
that should you be willing to assist us in this,your
share would be 25%.

I have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you
will not disappoint me.

Best Regards,
DR Andrew Godson.



...................
ANDREW GODSON
GRAND FINANCE AND TRUST BANK
AUDIT AND ACCOUNT SECTION
COTONOU,REPUBLIC DU BENIN
+229-40-35-48
....................





