Dear Sir,

I personally decided to put in writing as below, the full details of this
business proposal that I have been trying to explain to you. I have a
re-profiling amount in an excess of US$58M, which I seek your partnership in
accommodating for me. I am willing to give out 25% of this total sum to you for
your quick assistance and partnership, 70% for me and while 5% should be set
side for reimbursement of any unforeseen expenses we both might incure in the
cause of this transaction. However, I sincerely seek your confidence in this
transaction, which I am proposing to you.

My name is Robert Bada, I am the personal assistance to the former President of
Republic of Liberia (President Charles Taylor). President Charles Taylor
decided on the 11th of August 2003 to go into exile in a neighboring country
Nigeria to seek asylum.  Based on these developments, his various foreign bank
accounts have been frozen and some are still under serious investigation. But
in the light of all these happenings, President Charles Taylor was able,
through the help of some loyalist succeeded to secretly move the sum of US$58M,
on my name as the owner to a private security company vault in
Nigeria where the final crediting is expected to be carried out later. All the
depositing documents of the above fund were on my name and they are still in my
possession


What I need from you is to stand as the beneficiary of the above quoted sum and
I will arrange for the documentation which will enable the Security Company
transfer / wire the fund to your bank account. I have decided to do this only
with you and use this sum to relocate to European or American continent and
never to be connected to any of President Charles Taylor's conglomerates. This
transaction can be concluded within 2 weeks.

My questions are:-
 1. Can you handle this project?
 2. Can I give you this trust?
 3. can you keep this business as very confidential?
 4. If you can sponsor this transfer, Is 25% acceptable to you, as your
commission?

Consider this and get back to me as soon as possible.

YOUR REPLY:
We have a very poor internet system over here, so please reply only to my
private fax number 24317598570 or call me on telephone number 23417765782 (feel
free to call), so i can give you more clear explanations details and
information about this transaction. I will also need your direct telephone and
fax number for easy reach. Finally, it is my humble prayer that the information
as contained herein be accorded the necessary attention, urgency as well as the
secrecy it deserves. Please i need you to send me your telephone number so i
can give you a call immediately for more discusion. As soon as I get your
positive response, I will send you more information to you.

Best regard

Mr. Robert Bada




