
Attn: President/CEO/SIR/MADAM

REQUEST FOR URGENT BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP -STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL

Firstly, I must solicit your confidentiality. This is by virtue of it'snature 
as being utterly "confidential" and "TOP SECRET". Though I know that a 
transaction of this magnitude will make anyone apprehensive and worried,but I 
am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day. A bold step taken 
shall not be regretted I assure you.
I am Mr iyang and I head a seven man tender board in charge of contract awards 
and payment approvals. I came to know of you in my search for a reliable and 
reputable person to handle a very confidential business transaction,which 
involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to a foreign account requiring 
maximum confidence. My colleagues and I are top official of Federal Government 
Contract Review and Award Panel. Our duties include evaluation,
vetting, and approval for payment of contract jobs done for the Federal 
Ministry of Aviation(FMA) etc. We are therefore soliciting for your assistance 
to enable us transfer into your account the said funds. Our country looses a 
lot of money everyday that is why the international community is very careful 
and warning their citizens to be careful but I tell you "a trial will convince 
you".The source of the fund is as follow: During the last military regime here 
in Nigeria, this committee awarded a contract of US$400 Million to a group of 
five construction firms on behalf of the Federal Ministry of Aviation (FMA)for 
the supply and installation of landing and navigational
equipment in Lagos and Port Harcourt International Airports. During this 
process my colleagues and I decided among us to deliberately over inflate the 
total contract sum of US$420.5 Million with the aim of sharing the remaining 
sum of US$20.5 million.The government has since approved the sum of 
US$420.5Million for us as the contract sum, but since the contract is only 
worth US$400M the remaining US$20.5 Million is what we intend to transfer to a 
reliable and safe offshore account,we are prohibited to operate foreign account

in our names since we are still in Government. Thus, making it impossible for 
us to acquire the money in our name right now, I have
therefore been delegated as a matter of trust by my colleagues to look for an 
oversea partner into whose account we can transfer the sum of US$20.5Million.My

colleagues and I have decided that if you/your Company can as the beneficiary 
of this funds on our behalf, you or your company will retain 20% of the
total amount (US$20.5Million) while 75% will be for us (officials) and the 
remaining 5% will be used in offsetting all debts/expenses incurred during this

transaction We have decided that this transaction can only proceed under the 
following condition
(a) Our conviction of your transparent honesty and that you treat this 
transaction with utmost secrecy and confidentiality
(b) That upon Receipt of the funds you will release the funds as instructed by 
us after you've removed your share of 20%. Please acknowledge the receipt
of this letter using the above e-mail address. I will bring you into the 
complete of this transaction when I've heard from you.
Your urgent response will be highly appreciated as we are already behind 
schedule for the financial quarter. Please do be informed that his business 
transaction is 100% legal and completely free from drug or money laundering.
Only trust can make the reality of this transaction.

Best regards,

Mr iyang





