


FROM:MR MORGAN WIMPOE,
105 2ND AVE. SANDTON, 1892,
JOHANNESBURG,
SOUTH AFRICA.
PHONE+27 78 7634400


ATTN:MD/C.E.O,


  Kindly accept my apology for sending unsolicited mail to you. Although
we never met before, I have every reason to believe that you are a
highly respected personality, considering the fact that I sourced your
profile from a human resource profile database on your country.Though, I
do not know to what extent you are familiar with events and fragile
political situation in Liberia but it has formed consistent headlines in
the CNN, BBC news bulletins, My name is Mr.Morgan Yormie Wimpoe , from
Liberia, a Country in West Africa. My Father Mr John  Yormie  Wimpoe 
former DEPUTY MINISTER OF NATIONAL SECURITY in LIBERIA. My  Father  was
falsely accused of plotting to remove the then PRESIDENT OF LIBERIA
(CHARLES TAYLOR) from office. Without trial, Charles Taylor killed him.
you can verify this from these international newspaper website below:
  (i) http://www.usatoday.com/news/world/2003-07-15-liberia_x.htm
  Before he was killed, my Father instructed me to escape with my family
to a hide out in JOHANNESBOURG, SOUTH AFRICA, and he confided in me that
he left some money in a Diplomatic Trust Company in Abroad, (name
withheld for security reasons) . All i require from you is to assist me
in claiming the fund (sealed in diplomatic consignment) from security
company and invest in your country. When you claim the fund, i shall
come over to your country with my Family so that we can start a new life
If you may ask why do I need a foreign assistance  or why can't i take
the cash transfer by  myself? The answer is that there  was an exclusion
clause in the original agreement between the company and my father 
which states unambiguously that 'nobody, not even himself, can have
access to the consignment in the company, and it has to be transferred
to a foreign beneficiary outside Africa. This was done because he 
envisaged his arrest and this clause were inserted to prevent any
seizure or infiltration of the fund.

  My decision to contact you is therefore, informed by this and due to my
present social status and total ignorance of the business world. I
believe you will appreciate the enormity of trust I repose on you by
placing the fortunes of our family in your care. Permit me to request
that you should reassure me that you would not let me down in any way.

  On my part, this is my assurance and guarantee to you.In as much as you
follow my instructions carefully, religiously and promptly my guarantee
of a hitch-free success remains unshakable. I have contacted the
Diplomatic Security Firm to confirm the deposit, which is worth
$32,Million,(Thirty two million United State Dollars Only). You will be
given 20% of the total sum at the end of the transaction. If you will be
willing to assist us claim the money and invest it in your country. I
want to assure you that all modalities are in place and it is a risk
free transaction.

  Kindly include your Full names, Private Telephone and Fax numbers where
you can always be reach, Your Residential or Company Address to enable
me send some other important information across to you. This proposal is
highly restricted and should be handled as an urgent transaction
requiring trust and Confidentiality. Please reply to this email:
 Sincerely,
  Mr.Morgan  Wimpoe.
For the family.
Phone#+27-78 7634400
Private e-mail:(morgan.wimpoe@webmail.co.za)




