FROM=Nzanga Joseph Mobutu
        Ghana


Dear Friend,
Compliments of the season and Good-Day to you my friend.
My Name is Joseph Nzanga Mobutu.I am writing you from
Ghana.

Considering the fact that we have not met before,You may consider this 
letter as a surprise.

I  am  seeking for someone that will assist me with a business that has to 
do with my family estate which my late father left behind for us.i am 
contacting you base on the fact that i want someone that is not known tome 
and my family to assist me in this business and this is for security 
reasons.

I am the  son of the late  Mobutu Sese seko, the former President of "ZAIRE" 
now democratic republic of congo .I reside in Ghana now on political 
asylum.I got your contact information from the internet in my search for 
assistance.

I want you to note that this business will benefit both of us . I am seeking 
for your assistance in my
desire to secure the sum of Twenty-Seven Million United States Dollars 
(US$27,000,000.00) and also to front for me and my family in the areas of 
business you consider profitable.I presume you are aware there are financial 
  dispute between my family (THE MOBUTU) and the present civilian 
Government. You may also have heard how a lot of my father's bank account in 
Switzerland and North America has been frozen. Following the outlined 
reasons,  I am seeking for your assistance in my desire to secure the sum of 
Twenty-Seven Million United States Dollars (US$27,000,000.00) and also to 
front for my family in the areas of business you consider profitable.
This Boxes containing the funds have secretly been concealed and deposited 
with a Diplomatic Security firm Abroad through Diplomatic means where it can 
easily be taken delivery of by a recommended beneficiary.

The Boxes containing the funds were shipped as diplomatic items of high 
values and will be released  to you by the Security firm based on my 
recommendations on that note; you will be presented as
My partner who will be fronting for me and my family in any subsequent 
ventures.

We as a family have decided to offer you 10% of the total fund for your 
assistance if you are able to help us claim the boxes, 5% for any expenses 
that may be incured during this transaction, and the remaining 85% for my 
family.

Please, I need your entire support and co-operation for the success of this 
business ventures, your utmost confidentiality and secrecy is highly 
required due to my family's present predicament. Please indicate your 
interest to enable us proceed. God Bless you and your family as you respond 
to this
email.josephnzanga2006@yahoo.com

Regards,
Nzanga Joseph Mobutu




