FROM THE DESK OF:
BARRISTER AMINU KANO
PRICIPAL ASSOCIATE MIKE & CO.
 
ATTN:
 
I was privileged to capture your names from the Internet.
My name is Barrister. aminu kano  a legal Practitioner and the personal 
Attorney to late Mr.Steffen,a National of your country who died along with his wife
and his Two sons in a ghastly motor accident over 3 years now (August 
13,2000). All the occupants in the vehicle lost their lives.
 
I am Convinced that it was the grace of God that made me to Locate you..
My client was a successful and am accomplished family man, Who made enough
fortune before his untimely death? Since Then I had made several inquiries 
through your Embassy to locate any of my clients extended relative but this 
Exercise has proved unsuccessful. After several Unsuccessful attempts, 
I decided to trace his relatives Through the Internet, to locate any member of his 
Family not Much progress was recorded My late client was an Influential wealthy businessman, an oil magnet here in Nigeria and he left behind a deposit of Thirty two Million, Two Hundred Thousand United States Dollars only ($32,200,000.00usd) in his domiciliary bank account in a Commercial bank here in Lagos.
 
After the death of my client his bankers contacted me, as his Attorney to 
provide his next of kin who should inherit His fortune.
The board of directors of his bank adopted a Resolution and I was mandated 
to provide his next of kin for the payment of this money within 28 working days or Forfeit  the money to the bank as an abandoned property. The Bankers had planned to invoke the  abandoned property decree of 1996 to confiscate the funds after the expiration of the  period given to me.
Despairing at the point of, exhaustiveness, fortunately I came across your name. to my utmost amazement, I discovered That Coincidentally, you are nationals of the same country.

I am Convinced that you may be linked with my late client or that you might 
provide clue to my search. Therefore, i decided to contact with these facts 
before me because of the Similarities .By virtue of my closeness to the deceased and His immediate family, I am very much aware of my client financial standing and The bank  account he operates.
I have reasoned very Professionally and I feel it will be legally proper to 
present you as the next of kin of my deceased client, so That you can be paid the 
funds left in his bank account, hence I contact you.
 
I seek your consent to present you as the Next of Kin to the Deceased since
you are at an advantage, hailing from the same country, so that the proceeds
of this Bank Account valued at $32.2 Million Dollars can be paid to you.
we shall both share the funds.25% to me and 60% to you,
while 15% should be for Expenses or Tax as your Government may require,
I shall Assemble all the necessary Legal Documents that will be Used to back 
up our claim.

All I require is your honest cooperation to enable us see This deal through. 
I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of law.

 
Best Regards
 
BARRISTER AMINU KANO


