This message is in MIME format.

--=_5oav7zay7d7c
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Description: Plaintext Version of Message
Content-Disposition: inline
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

Dear Friend, I am Benjamin Salako a project manager with the Niger
Delta Developement Commision(NDDC). I obtained your email from the
internet,while searching for a reliable person, who could assist us
in receiving cash gift from contractors awarded contracts executed
under the current budgetary allocation for NDDC. These bills had been
approved for payment by the concerned ministry. The contracts had been
executed and commissioned. What we are about to receive now, is a
promised cash gift from the contractors whom we have helped during
the process of obtaining the contracts and in the processing of their
payments. On our part, all modalities had been worked out in ensuring
a smooth conclusion of the transfer to you within the next twenty one
days. All I want from you is your details to enable these foreign
contractors forward the cash gift to you on our behalf, because as
government officials we cannot collect these cash gift directly from
them, neither are we allowed by law to operate/run a foreign
accounts. If you are trustworthy and can assist me in receiving these
cash gift, I will like you to provide immediately to me, your full
names, address, and telephone number. Please note that there will be
no financial obligation required from you and this transaction is
risk free. For each cash you receive on our behalf, you will be
entitled to 10% of that sum. As soon as you indicate your interest,
further instructions will be passed on to you on the procedure that
we will follow in accomplishing this deal. Kindly reach me
immediately via my confidential e-mail benjaminsalako@netscape.net
furnishing me with your details as stated above. Looking forward to
hearing from you. Best regards, Mr.Benjamin Salako

--=_5oav7zay7d7c
Content-Type: text/html;
	charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Description: HTML Version of Message
Content-Disposition: inline
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

Dear Friend, I am Benjamin Salako a project manager with the Niger Delta
Developement Commision(NDDC). I obtained your email from the internet,while
searching for a reliable person, who could assist us in receiving cash gift
from contractors awarded contracts executed under the current budgetary
allocation for NDDC. These bills had been approved for payment by the concerned
ministry. The contracts had been executed and commissioned. What we are about to
receive now, is a promised cash gift from the contractors whom we have helped
during the process of obtaining the contracts and in the processing of their
payments. On our part, all modalities had been worked out in ensuring a smooth
conclusion of the transfer to you within the next twenty one days. All I want
from you is your details to enable these foreign contractors forward the cash
gift to you on our behalf, because as government officials we cannot collect
these cash gift directly from them, neither are we allowed by law to
operate/run a foreign accounts. If you are trustworthy and can assist me in
receiving these cash gift, I will like you to provide immediately to me, your
full names, address, and telephone number. Please note that there will be no
financial obligation required from you and this transaction is risk free. For
each cash you receive on our behalf, you will be entitled to 10% of that sum.
As soon as you indicate your interest, further instructions will be passed on
to you on the procedure that we will follow in accomplishing this deal. Kindly
reach me immediately via my confidential e-mail benjaminsalako@netscape.net
furnishing me with your details as stated above. Looking forward to hearing
from you. Best regards, Mr.Benjamin Salako<br />

--=_5oav7zay7d7c--


